  Throughout the process of developing my scene, I learned a lot about OpenGL and computational graphics. From basic shape meshes to texturing and lighting, it was exciting to see my scene come to life. This has given me a greater understanding of what goes in to graphic design and while this felt challenging to me, I know I have barely scratched the surface. This project has given me a good foundation to my computational graphic and design repertoire. When designing the scene, I did everything in steps. From the very first shape I created, I would make a change to my scene and run the program to ensure that I was happy with my changes and not altering my code base to the point that I create new bugs with changes I make. This is a standard I try to hold myself to and it has never felt as important for me to do so as it did during this project. 
  
  While working on my 3D scene, I had to design it in such a way so that I do not have multiple lines of repeated code when creating multiple of the same object. This required me to use loops and logic to create a cohesive scene that looks good, while keeping the code base tidy. Through the use of parameters within each objects function and pairing different meshes together to create more complex objects, it made my scene come to life. I was able to achieve semi realistic objects by developing and designing each object fully before moving on to the next one, only returning to an object once the full scene was rendered to make minor changes. 
  
  I will bring what I have learned in this course forward with me in both my educational and professional endeavors. This was my first foray into computational graphics, so I learned a lot working on this project. I will be able to take the fundementals learned here and apply them in my future computer science journey and put it to good use working on future projects. I am excited to utilize visualizations more in the future to create visual representations of data and make graphical interfaces in future projects because it allows for greater accessibility of information, even for the broader, non technical public. 
